bash start-gui.sh

Chia basic commands
chia init – migrates files from an old version to the latest version after an update

chia start node – starts node only

chia start node -r – restarts the node

chia start farmer – starts the farmer, harvester, bode, and wallet

chia start farmer -r – restarts everything

chia plots check – checks all plot files

chia show -s – show status of node

chia farm summary – Show summary of the farmer

chia wallet show – Show wallet data

chia keys generate – Generate keys

chia keys add – Add keys / seed

chia stop -d all – turn off all Chia services

chia netspace – show the current size of the network

chia version – shows the current chia version

Please send coffee donations to: 0xd0803A568615A18403C3722AC6dBb3202FD14034 (Ethereum)

Creating Chia Plots
chia create – creates a new plot according to the settings chosen in the start parameters

-k NUMBER – specifies the k-size for the plot – valid values are 32, 33, 34 or 35. A k32 plot requires about 240 GB of temp memory and ends up with about 100 GB.

-n NUMBER – the number of times a plot should be created

-b NUMBER – size of memory to be used in MB (default 4608 MB).

-f NUMBER – the farmer public key can be specified here

-p NUMBER – the public key of a pool can be specified here

-a NUMBER – here you can specify the fingerprint of the key to use, this option is useful if you have multiple private keys stored

-t PATH – specifies the path to the temp. directory

-2 PATH – specifies the path to the optional second temp. directory; this directory is used only for phase 3 and 4

-d PATH – specifies the path to the final directory where the plot will be saved

-r NUMBER – specifies the number of CPU cores to use in phase 1. 2 cores seems to be the best setting, more than 4 cores will give negative results.

-u NUMBER – specifies the number of buckets / “pots”. More pots require less ram but more accesses to the SSD/HDD. There is no advantage to use less pots, the default is 128

-e – disables bitfield plotting. This setting is not recommended.

For more information on creating Chia plots, see my tutorial on Chia.

Wallet commands
chia wallet get_address – Get a receiving address

chia wallet get_transaction – Obtain a transaction

chia wallet get_transactions – Show all transactions

chia wallet show – Show wallet data

chia wallet send – send chia to another wallet

sftp://192.168.2.37/home/chia-2/chia/plots



Plot commands
chia plots add PATH – adds a directory as plot directory !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

chia plots check – checks the existing plot files

chia plots create – creates a new plot (see above)

chia plots remove – removes a plot directory from the configuration

chia plots show – shows the currently stored paths for plots !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

farm commands
chia farm challenges – displays recent challenges

chia farm summary – displays a summary of the farmer

key commands
chia keys add – add a key by seed

chia keys delete -f NUMBER – deletes the key with the fingerprint NUMBER

chia keys delete_all – deletes all keys

chia keys generate – generates a new key

chia keys generate_and_print – generates a new key WITHOUT saving it

chia keys show – shows all saved keys

chia keys sign – signs a message with the private key

chia keys verify – verifies a signature
